#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alembic==1.7.5
    # via jupyterhub
ansi2html==1.6.0
    # via jupyter-dash
anyio==3.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
anytree==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
argcomplete==1.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   commitizen
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asciinema==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
astor==0.8.1
    # via flynt
astroid==2.9.0
    # via pylint
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   trio
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   debian-inspector
    #   extractcode
    #   hypothesis
    #   jsonschema
    #   okonomiyaki
    #   outcome
    #   pytest
    #   pytype
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   simplesat
    #   trio
    #   typecode
autopep8==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
babel==2.9.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
banal==1.0.6
    # via normality
bandit==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   scancode-toolkit
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via typecode
bitarray==2.3.4
    # via scancode-toolkit
bitstring==3.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blessed==1.19.0
    # via enlighten
bokeh==2.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
boolean.py==3.8
    # via
    #   license-expression
    #   scancode-toolkit
bpytop==1.0.68
    # via -r requirements.in
brotli==1.0.9
    # via flask-compress
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via premailer
cerberus==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
certipy==0.1.3
    # via jupyterhub
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   pymtl3
    #   pynacl
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   binaryornot
    #   debian-inspector
    #   normality
    #   pdfminer.six
    #   scancode-toolkit
charset-normalizer==2.0.9
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   flask
    #   mkdocs
    #   pip-tools
    #   plugincode
    #   proselint
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   spdx-tools
    #   typer
cocotb==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cocotb-bus
    #   cocotb-coverage
    #   uvm-python
cocotb-bus==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvm-python
cocotb-coverage==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvm-python
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   commitizen
    #   rich
    #   scancode-toolkit
commitizen==2.20.3
    # via -r requirements.in
commoncode==30.0.0
    # via
    #   extractcode
    #   plugincode
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   typecode
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
coverage[toml]==6.2
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==36.0.1
    # via
    #   paramiko
    #   pdfminer.six
    #   pyopenssl
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via premailer
cssutils==2.3.0
    # via premailer
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dash==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-dash
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via dash
debian-inspector==30.0.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decli==0.5.2
    # via commitizen
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.4
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.6.0
    # via okonomiyaki
dparse==0.5.1
    # via scancode-toolkit
easybuild==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
easybuild-easyblocks==4.5.1
    # via easybuild
easybuild-easyconfigs==4.5.1
    # via easybuild
easybuild-framework==4.5.1
    # via easybuild
edalize @ git+https://github.com/lowRISC/edalize.git@ot
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fusesoc
enlighten==1.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
execnet==1.9.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
extractcode-7z==16.5.210531
    # via extractcode
extractcode-libarchive==3.5.1.210531
    # via pytest-xdist
extractcode[full]==30.0.0
    # via extractcode
fastapi==0.70.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fasteners==0.16.3
    # via scancode-toolkit
filelock==3.4.2
    # via virtualenv
fingerprints==1.0.3
    # via scancode-toolkit
fire==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flake8==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==2.0.2
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask-compress
    #   jupyter-dash
flask-compress==1.10.1
    # via dash
flynt==0.69
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.28.5
    # via matplotlib
ftfy==6.0.3
    # via scancode-toolkit
fusesoc @ git+https://github.com/lowRISC/fusesoc.git@ot
    # via -r requirements.in
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   pefile
    #   proselint
gemfileparser==0.8.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
ghp-import==2.0.2
    # via mkdocs
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bandit
graphql-core==3.1.7
    # via magql
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via
    #   pymtl3
    #   sqlalchemy
hdlconvertorast==1.0
    # via hwt
hjson==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via scancode-toolkit
hwt==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
hwtsimapi==1.3
    # via hwt
hypothesis==6.32.1
    # via pymtl3
icdiff==2.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
identify==2.4.1
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   trio
importlab==0.6.1
    # via pytype
importlib-metadata==4.10.0
    # via
    #   markdown
    #   mkdocs
    #   pytest-randomly
inflection==0.5.1
    # via magql
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
intbitset==2.4.1
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   scancode-toolkit
ipcorepackager==0.6
    # via hwt
ipykernel==6.6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   notebook
ipython==7.30.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
ipyxact==0.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
isodate==0.6.1
    # via rdflib
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via flask
jaraco.functools==3.5.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
javaproperties==0.8.1
    # via scancode-toolkit
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   commitizen
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   scancode-toolkit
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.3.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-telemetry
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   okonomiyaki
jsonstreams==0.6.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
jupyter-client==7.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-dash==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-server==1.13.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyter-telemetry==0.1.0
    # via jupyterhub
jupyterhub==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab==3.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.10.2
    # via jupyterlab
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
lazy-object-proxy==1.7.1
    # via astroid
libcst==0.3.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytype
license-expression==21.6.14
    # via scancode-toolkit
livereload==2.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.37.0
    # via numba
lxml==4.7.1
    # via
    #   premailer
    #   pymaven-patch
    #   scancode-toolkit
magql==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markdown==3.3.6
    # via mkdocs
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   scancode-toolkit
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
meson==0.54.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mistletoe==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mistune==2.0.1
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
more-itertools==8.12.0
    # via jaraco.functools
mypy==0.930
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
nbclassic==0.3.4
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.9
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
networkx==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlab
ninja==1.10.2.3
    # via pytype
nodeenv==1.6.0
    # via pre-commit
normality==2.2.5
    # via fingerprints
notebook==6.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
numba==0.54.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   plotly-express
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via jupyterhub
okonomiyaki==1.3.2
    # via simplesat
openpyxl==3.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
outcome==1.1.0
    # via trio
packageurl-python==0.9.6
    # via scancode-toolkit
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   bokeh
    #   commitizen
    #   dparse
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
    #   scancode-toolkit
pamela==1.0.0
    # via jupyterhub
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-express
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parameter-expansion-patched==0.2.1b4
    # via scancode-toolkit
paramiko==2.9.1
    # via pysftp
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patch==1.16
    # via extractcode
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via yamllint
patsy==0.5.2
    # via
    #   plotly-express
    #   statsmodels
pbr==5.8.0
    # via stevedore
pdfminer.six==20211012
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   typecode
pefile==2021.9.3
    # via scancode-toolkit
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pkginfo==1.8.2
    # via scancode-toolkit
platformdirs==2.4.1
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
plotext==4.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
plotly==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
    #   plotly-express
plotly-express==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   plugincode
    #   pytest
    #   scancode-toolkit
plugincode==21.1.21
    # via
    #   extractcode
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   typecode
ply==3.11
    # via spdx-tools
pre-commit @ git+https://gitlab.ba.rivosinc.com/pub/it/pre-commit.git@rivos/main
    # via -r requirements.in
prefixed==0.3.2
    # via enlighten
premailer==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterhub
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.24
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   questionary
proselint==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psutil==5.9.0
    # via bpytop
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
publicsuffix2==2.20191221
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   urlpy
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-forked
py-cpuinfo==8.0.0
    # via pytest-benchmark
pyahocorasick==1.4.2
    # via scancode-toolkit
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pydigitalwavetools==1.1
    # via hwt
pyelftools==0.27
    # via -r requirements.in
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pyftdi==0.53.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pygmars==0.7.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
    #   scancode-toolkit
pylint==2.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pymathbitprecise==1.0
    # via hwtsimapi
pymaven-patch==0.3.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
pymtl3==3.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pynacl==1.4.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==21.0.0
    # via certipy
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   fusesoc
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   rdflib
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
pyserial==3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyftdi
pysftp==0.2.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymtl3
    #   pytest-benchmark
    #   pytest-check
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-emoji
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-instafail
    #   pytest-json-report
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-random-order
    #   pytest-randomly
    #   pytest-repeat
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   pytest-sugar
    #   pytest-testinfra
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-benchmark==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-check==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-emoji==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-forked==1.4.0
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-html==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-instafail==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-json-report==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-metadata==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-json-report
pytest-mock==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-random-order==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-randomly==3.10.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-repeat==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-rerunfailures==10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-sugar==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-testinfra==6.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-timeout==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-xdist==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-constraint==1.4.0
    # via cocotb-coverage
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterhub
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
python-gitlab==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-json-logger==2.0.2
    # via jupyter-telemetry
pytype==2021.12.15
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via pendulum
pyupgrade==2.30.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyusb==1.2.1
    # via pyftdi
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bandit
    #   bokeh
    #   cocotb-coverage
    #   commitizen
    #   dparse
    #   fusesoc
    #   ipyxact
    #   libcst
    #   mkdocs
    #   pre-commit
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
    #   saneyaml
    #   spdx-tools
    #   yamllint
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
questionary==1.10.0
    # via commitizen
rdflib==6.1.1
    # via spdx-tools
regex==2021.11.10
    # via uvm-python
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   premailer
    #   pymaven-patch
    #   python-gitlab
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   scancode-toolkit
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via python-gitlab
retrying==1.3.3
    # via jupyter-dash
rich==10.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ruamel.yaml==0.17.19
    # via jupyter-telemetry
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via ruamel.yaml
saneyaml==0.5.2
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   scancode-toolkit
scancode-toolkit==30.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-express
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
scons==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
simplesat==0.8.2
    # via fusesoc
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   anytree
    #   bcrypt
    #   bleach
    #   blessed
    #   fasteners
    #   fire
    #   html5lib
    #   intbitset
    #   jsonstreams
    #   livereload
    #   okonomiyaki
    #   patsy
    #   plotly
    #   proselint
    #   pymaven-patch
    #   pynacl
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   simplesat
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   virtualenv
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   hwtsimapi
    #   hypothesis
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
spdx-tools==0.7.0a3
    # via scancode-toolkit
sqlalchemy==1.4.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   jupyterhub
    #   magql
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.38.2
    # via magql
starlette==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
statsmodels==0.13.1
    # via plotly-express
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via bandit
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytype
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   commitizen
    #   fire
    #   pytest-sugar
terminado==0.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   normality
    #   scancode-toolkit
tokenize-rt==4.2.1
    # via pyupgrade
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   dparse
    #   pre-commit
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   pytype
    #   scancode-toolkit
tomli==2.0.0
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   mypy
    #   pep517
tomlkit==0.8.0
    # via commitizen
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   livereload
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-telemetry
    #   jupyterhub
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
trio==0.19.0
    # via
    #   extractcode
    #   scancode-toolkit
typecode-libmagic==5.39.210531
    # via -r requirements.in
typecode[full]==21.6.1
    # via typecode
typer==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
types-dataclasses==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
types-pkg-resources==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
types-pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
types-tabulate==0.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   bokeh
    #   commitizen
    #   gitpython
    #   libcst
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pylint
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via libcst
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
urlpy==0.5
    # via scancode-toolkit
uvm-python==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
virtualenv==20.11.2
    # via pre-commit
watchdog==2.1.6
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   blessed
    #   ftfy
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
websocket-client==1.2.3
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via flask
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via astroid
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   spdx-tools
yamllint==1.26.3
    # via -r requirements.in
yapf==0.32.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zipfile2==0.0.12
    # via okonomiyaki
zipp==3.6.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
